One more thing about this rebasing process, I just told you that
rebasing copies the data in the old commits to create new commits,
but what happens to the old commits, then?
It depends. In this case here, these commits are not very useful.
There is no branch pointing at them.
The only branch that was pointing at them has moved over to the new commits.
So these old commits are impossible to reach, almost impossible,
because there are a few ways to retrieve them.
For example,
if you had written down their hashes, then you could still check out them,
but it's more likely that you will just lose track of them.
So, why would Git waste disk space to keep around
commits that cannot even be reached?
In fact, Git doesn't keep them around.
This is another case like the one we've seen in the previous module when we
talked about detached head. We have unreachable objects in the database,
and Git will eventually garbage collect them.
If I keep working on this project,
then at some point in the future I look into the Git database,
those commits might well have been deleted. As usual, Git doesn't like waste.